docs: added warning about missing metrics PEM-1615 (#1252)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/06-integrations/00-prometheus-cluster-metrics.md

You can learn how to add the Prometheus Cluster Metrics to your cluster by following the steps outlined in the [Enable Monitoring on Host Cluster](/clusters/cluster-management/monitoring/deploy-agent/).

<br />

<WarningBox>

> Pods without the defined attributes `request` and `limit` will display no metrics data in the Grafana out-of-the-box dashboards.

Reviewer: Nitpick: Pods without the defined attributes `request` and `limit` will display no metrics data in the Grafana  out-of-the-box Kubernetes Pods dashboard.

> Pods without the defined attributes `request` and `limit` will display no metrics data in the Grafana out-of-the-box dashboards.

Author: ```suggestion
Pods without the defined attributes `request` and `limit` will display no metrics data in the Grafana out-of-the-box Kubernetes Pods dashboard.
```
